a)
The bitcoin escrow service acts as a neutral third party between buyer and seller when doing business online.
It safely keeping the funds in a deposit account to protect both the buyer and the seller. The money is placed
in the control of an independent third party. This makes transactions more secure by keeping the payment safe
until all the terms have been met.

Special Transaction called MULTISIG:
You create a MULTISIG transaction that requires two of three people to sign in order to redeem the coins. Two of the
people in the transaction are you and the store owner. The last in this middle man is the Judge. The transaction sends
the payment that you deposited only if two of the three sign it. The transaction gets put onto the block chain and then
can be said to be "held in escrow". The store owner can lool to the blockchain and be convinced that you paid and 
decides to send the goods.


b)
The green address is a thrid party trust trick and can help resolve most problems related to the need to wait for
confirmations (slow transactions)
- Service A publishes its green address, service B decides to trust service A
- When someone send bitcoins from service A to service B, he will send from the service A green address
- The service B knows he can trust the service A, he knows A won't double spend, so B can credit the sent 
  bitcoins immediately, without waiting for confirmations
- GreenAddress automatically creates pre-signed transactions which you can subsequently countersign to recover 
  the funds to an address controlled solely by you


c)
There is a low amount of money for some service (paying for a wireless provider) that a user wants to pay more often. 
It would be very inefficient to create a transaction each time. There will be too many transactions with low value and 
too many fees. A nice solution would be to combine all these small payments into one big payment at the end.
- start with a MULTISIG transaction that pays the maximum amount A would ever need to spend, that requires both A and B
  signatures to release the coins
- after the first minute of conversation, A signs the transaction sending one coin to B and returning the rest to herself
- after another minute, A signs another transaction, paying two coins to B and the rest to herself. At this point B 
  hasn't signed anything, yet.
- A repeats this procedure every minutes of usage. These transactions aren't published on the blockchain, since B 
  signature is missing.
- When B wants to get his money, he can sign the last transaction and publish it on the blockchain. He will receive the 
  money he deserves, and the remaining will be sent back to A. The other transactions will never be inserted into the 
  blockchain.
- It is impossible to redeem two different transactions generated by A, since they are all technically double spends of 
  the same beginning transaction. If both parties are operating normally, B will never sign any transaction but the last
  one, so the blockchain won't actually see any attempt of double-spending