a)
Ethereum is an open software platform based on blockchain technology that enables developers to build and 
deploy decentralized applications. Like Bitcoin, Ethereum is a distributed public blockchain network. The most 
important distinction to note is that Bitcoin and Ethereum differ substantially in purpose and capability.
The Ethereum blockchain focuses on running the programming code of any decentralized application, where ether is
the cryptocurrency that fuels the network. In addition to bitcoin ether is used by people on the network to pay
for code execution (self-operating computer programs). Ethereum enables the development thousands of different
applications on one blockchain platform and so it has much more capability as bitcoin.

b)
Smart Contract is just an expression used to describe a computer code that can facilitate the exchange of money, 
content, property, shares or anything of value. When a smart contract is executed on the blockchain, it is 
automatically executed like a self-propelled computer program when certain conditions are met. 

Smart Contracts run on the blockchain and are executed exactly as they are programmed, without the possibility of 
censorship, downtime, fraud or third-party intervention.

c)
The core innovation of Ethereum is a complete Turing software that runs on the Ethereum network. It allows anyone 
to run any program, regardless of the programming language, with sufficient time and memory. The Ethereum Virtual 
Machine makes the process of creating blockchain applications easier and more efficient than ever. Instead of having 
to build a completely new blockchain for each new application, Ethereum enables the development of potentially thousands 
of different applications on a single platform.

Ethereum moves forward and looks forward to a bright future. By providing a user-friendly platform that enables people 
to harness the power of blockchain technology, Ethereum is accelerating the decentralization of the global economy. 
Decentralized applications have the potential to break down hundreds of industries including finance, real estate, 
science, insurance, healthcare and the public sector and many others.